A function is a block of code that is defined once but may be executed or invoked any number of times. 
Javascrpt functions are parameterized -- a function definition may include a list of identifiers, known as parameters that acts as local variables for the body of the function.
Function invocations provides values or arguments for the function's parameters.
Functions often use the values of their arguments to compute the return value that becomes the value of the function invocation expressions. 
In addition to arguments, each invocation has another value -- Invocation Context -- That is the value of this keyword.

If a function is assigned to a property of an object, then that function is called method of that object. 
If a function is invoked on or through an object, that object becomes the invocation context or this of that function
Functions designed to initialize a newly created object are called Constructors.

In Javascript, functions are objects and they can be manipulated by programs and they are treated as simple variables. Since they are treated as simple variables, they can be passed
as arguments to another functions. Since Functions are objects, you can set properties on them and then invoke methods on them as well.

functions can be nested within another functions and they have access to variables that are in scope where the functions are defined. this means, javascript functions are closures.

Defining Functions
==================
Functions are defined using the function keyword, which can be used in function definition expression or in function declaration statement. in both the cases, function definition
starts with function keyword followed by these components
1. an identifier that names the function. the name part is required in function declaration statement where the function object is created and assigned to the variable with the name same
   as defined as function name. For function definition expression, name is optional and if present, will be used only inside the function body
2. A pair of paranthesis around zero or more identifiers called parameters. These parameters acts as local variables inside the body of the function
3. A pair of curly braces with zero or more java script statements inside it. These statements are body of the function and are executed whenever the function is invoked.

a function defined as an expression can be used only in the context of other larger expressions. examples are in app.js